golden Guardians just be teamliquid in a
very exciting game I'm Kelsey and I'm
here with golden Guardians Matt with
coverage presented by Omni slash so how
did it feel to beat your old team it
feels pretty good I mean as a team I
think our morale is like really high you
know coming off of I think most people
would say TL especially with the roster
how much money they put into the roster
and we're definitely the lowest roster
in terms of money so you know it's it's
really interesting how you know you
could spend so much money and then come
up short and you know feels good on that
part but we're still too innate so I
think we're not like oh yeah we're like
a really top team now just because we
beat Team Liquid like we're still just
gonna put in the work next week still
just gonna treat ya just like last week
we're just gonna put in the work so talk
to me through that a little bit because
last week you guys be a hundred thieves
and then yesterday you lost to optic in
a game that I would say most people
thought you guys might have won and I
but now you've he'd seem liquid what was
the emotional rollercoaster that you
feel that maybe you went through well I
mean as a team I think there's been a
lot of emotions especially for me I I
feel like the past two weeks I've been
really sick it's been really hard
because I go on stage you know I
practice a bunch but I can't really show
what I practice so kind of sucks having
like for the optic loss for you know
just in generally every loss for the
past two weeks it's been like really bad
personally I don't think for the team
you know we've all been doing much
better like team cohesion wise like I
think we're all syncing up we're all
like having really good calm just for
setting team fights I feel like now
compared to like week one we have much
better team fighting so it really shows
our progress as a team yeah I mean I
guess for this weekend we're ending on a
really high note we're just taking down
team liquid yeah and so speaking of that
progress you are now under coach Tyler
how's it been having him has a coach how
is it really changed in your opinion I
think for coaching staff you know I went
through you know a tragic situation but
you know what's hilar I'm really happy
like he was already our assistant coach
so it's not like we're just like playing
with some new coach
we just brought in a different system
and so far it's working out decently for
us we had to change things throughout
the weeks but you know we're in a much
better spot you know this is like
Tyler's debut for coaching so it's
really a learning experience and I think
we're gonna have even more results for
the future
all right and switching gears a little
bit I saw your guys's Valentine
Valentine's Day card video and there was
a fan who said basically happy
Valentine's Day
we love you PS play more tanks oh I
thought was play more bard I mean I
thought it was play more tanks well I
definitely play a lot of things but I'm
also trying to lay bard so yeah I was
gonna say are you living up to that
Valentine's Day request with I mean I
guess it's kind of the meta right now
are you happy with the meta or do you
wish it was more mages I think early on
in my career I was really like meta
dependent but you know a trait of a good
player or like a veteran player is just
it's not really it's not that you don't
have to care about the minutes that you
just have to play the medal so while I
do personally prefer range sports like
fresh and barred I'm just gonna put them
in up I'm gonna play tanks all right
well is there anything else you would
like to say to your fans out there yeah
thanks to all the fans especially the
Met fans the smaller poolman fans think
you guys and yeah just shout outs to
everyone who sports going guardians go
and say warriors and well thank you for
the interview and congrats today for
everything else eSports check out the
videos below and subscribe to the
channel hi everyone sorry that interview
was a little bit awkward I'm still
trying to get my grip on things but I
can guarantee you is probably better
than Travis's interviews anyways thank
you for watching subscribe and thank you
- omnis Flash for the sport